feat(link): add spacing betwen icon (svg, img) and span, to make correct spacing easier (#3942)
digdir/designsystem: .changeset/wild-snails-taste.md

---
"@digdir/designsystemet-css": minor
---

> **Link**: Automatically add space between icons (svg or img) and span elements that are direct children of `Link`. This makes it easier to get nice spacing without having to use custom styling each time.

Author: Hmm, @Barsnes -- det er kun ikona som får styling. Klarifiserer litt meir:
```suggestion
**Link**: Automatically add recommended spacing to icons (svg or img), when there is also a `<span>` present.
- `<Link><Icon />Text</Link>` will not get spacing
- `<Link><Icon /> Text</Link>` will get an underlined space character between icon and text, which should be avoided
- `<Link><Icon /><span>Text</span></Link>` will get recommended spacing
```

> **Link**: Automatically add space between icons (svg or img) and span elements that are direct children of `Link`. This makes it easier to get nice spacing without having to use custom styling each time.

Reviewer: yes yours looks good

> **Link**: Automatically add space between icons (svg or img) and span elements that are direct children of `Link`. This makes it easier to get nice spacing without having to use custom styling each time.

Reviewer: or, why should underline on a space be avoided?
"which should be avoided"

> **Link**: Automatically add space between icons (svg or img) and span elements that are direct children of `Link`. This makes it easier to get nice spacing without having to use custom styling each time.

Author: Should not be avoided in general, but a **leading** underlined whitespace should be avoided because it looks bad

> **Link**: Automatically add space between icons (svg or img) and span elements that are direct children of `Link`. This makes it easier to get nice spacing without having to use custom styling each time.

Author: Can replace with
```
- `<Link><Icon /> Text</Link>` will get a leading underlined space character between icon and text, which looks bad
```
